Items baked into editor build can be removed from the toolbar now. (#8649)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/integration/configuration.md

	} );
```
<info-box>

> 	Be careful when removing plugins from CKEditor builds using `config.removePlugins`. If removed plugins were providing toolbar buttons, the default toolbar configuration included in a build will become invalid. In such case you need to provide the updated toolbar configuration - either as in the example above or by providing only items that need to be removed using `removeItems`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Be careful when removing plugins from CKEditor builds using `config.removePlugins`. If removed plugins were providing toolbar buttons, the default toolbar configuration included in a build will become invalid. In such case you need to provide the updated toolbar configuration - either as in the example above or by providing only items that need to be removed using `config.toolbar.removeItems`.
```

```js
    toolbar: {
        items: [ 'bold', 'italic', '|', 'undo', 'redo', '-', 'numberedList', 'bulletedList' ],

>         removeItems: [ 'link' ],

Author: There should be spaces in the examples? I had to override my editor settings, because, by default, we use tabs.

Reviewer: Yup, we use tabs. So perhaps that was misformatted in the past (no eslint for docs unfortunately).

        viewportTopOffset: 30,
        shouldNotGroupWhenFull: true
    }
```

 * **`items`** &ndash; An array of toolbar item names. Most of the components (buttons, dropdowns, etc.) which can be used as toolbar items are described under the {@link features/index Features} tab. A full list is defined in {@link module:ui/componentfactory~ComponentFactory editor.ui.componentFactory} and can be listed using the following snippet: `Array.from( editor.ui.componentFactory.names() )`. More details could be found in the {@link framework/guides/creating-simple-plugin Creating a simple plugin} guide.

>  * **`removeItems`** &ndash; An array of toolbar item names. With this setting you can modify the default toolbar items of a bundle without the need of recreating it from scratch. If, after removing an item, toolbar will have two or more consecutive separators (`'|'`), the duplicates will be removed automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **`removeItems`** &ndash; An array of toolbar item names. With this setting you can remove items without recreating the entire items array from scratch. It is especially useful when you want to remove a certain plugin from an editor build that has a predefined toolbar. Moreover, if after removing an item, the toolbar will have two or more consecutive separators (`'|'`), the duplicates will be removed automatically.
```

Reviewer: *   bundle -> build as this is the term we use more often.
*   Separated the last sentence with something that makes it stand out a bit more because.
*   Made it clear when this option is useful to give a bit more context.
